hey what's up and welcome to today's
episode of build your tribe today I'm
going to get to interview Justin wall
who is a eight figure drop shipping and
e-commerce expert now I know what you're
thinking most of the time when you hear
from these e-commerce Drop Shipping
experts especially the young ones
especially the ones that are young guys
like myself you're gonna hear all about
the fancy cars and how you can get rich
overnight now it's like the secret
growth hack to becoming a millionaire or
even a billionaire what I love about
Justin is he's realistic he talks a lot
about systems he talks a lot about the
actual numbers how much time is this
going to take what kind of investment is
going to be needed up front and what
kind of systems are you going to need in
place to scale and grow this business
successfully Justin has a really
powerful story about how he got into the
world of Entrepreneurship at just 13 or
14 years old and now at less than 30
years old it's really impressive some of
the things he's been able to do not just
for himself or within his own business
but for what he's been able to do for
his family and for other people as well
if you're someone who struggles with
social media or you don't want to put
your face on camera or you just don't
like the idea of having to build a
social media following today's episode
is a great idea for you as a way to
build passive income and a way to build
a business that isn't reliant on
creating content and putting your face
on camera Justin also was generous
enough to provide us with some lessons
within the marketing impact Academy so
if you're one of our members make sure
to log into Mia head to the resource
room and you'll be able to see all of
his lessons and instruction that goes a
lot deeper into the nitty gritty and the
actual strategy that we'll be talking
about during today's episode but without
further Ado let's get to the interview
[Music]
Justin hey welcome to the podcast what's
going on Brock first and foremost thank
you so much for actually having me today
I've been stoked for weeks to actually
hop on here thank you so much good to
see you no good yeah well I'm excited to
have you and uh you know been watching
your Instagram and reading through your
website and just listening to some of
the other things you put out and uh I'm
excited to get to talk about some of
these topics today that admittedly I
don't know a whole lot about and I don't
think our audience knows a whole lot
about either uh so can we just get
started by kind of telling us who you
are
um and how you guys started doing what
you're doing today
for sure so first and foremost I got
involved in this you know online space I
was like 13 14 years old right I used to
run a YouTube team on a specific video
game Call of Duty right and it's kind of
funny because a lot of people are into
that but I wasn't really that good at
the game I was just great at marketing
writing and putting together business
plans for the team and uh that's how I
first got started and I ended up
building a team called Link in long
story short majority of that staff went
on to a team called FaZe Clan right and
you know that team's a billion dollar
company today absolute sick uh company
and you know a lot of the people that we
had went on to that company and I was
super young 13 14 years old I eventually
sold that business that I had and went
in and then eventually went into uh
building e-cars right thereafter I had a
few subscription box companies right
obviously I built out a lot of you know
successful movements in the e-commerce
space and one of the cool things as well
is I've been doing it since I was 13 14
so I've seen the changes in the
adaptations throughout the marketplace
and one of the biggest things to say is
you know this Market never stops
changing but we never stopped adapting
we never stop learning gotcha gotcha so
what for for those of our listeners who
have no idea what this even is like
they're just this is totally you're
speaking a foreign language to them uh
what is the e-commerce Marketplace what
is Drop Shipping like super basic
definition what are we talking about
right so e-commerce is the you know
point of buying and selling online right
A lot of people think e-commerce is just
drop shipping wedding reality e-commerce
is the act of selling online right it
could be Drop Shipping it could be
creating a service based offer or
experience right which we have tons of
experience that we've done you know tons
on both models physical as well as
service right and you know in short
e-commerce is the act of selling online
and Drop Shipping essentially is
enabling you to buy and sell Goods
without ever having to hold the
inventory have a low upfront startup
costs and really just kind of get
connected with a great supply chain off
the back right when I first started it
there wasn't literally many agents or
Supply chains that you could just tap
into there's so many today right and
like I mentioned I got started at such a
young age I started to do super well
years after I became a millionaire at 23
I'm 27 now and this is all that I do
right e-commerce building businesses
getting involved in awesome cool
projects we've scaled companies from
Shark Tech we work with people from
Panda Express Affiliates and recently
the quarterback of the Jets which is
kind of cool we've done some cool stuff
but in short I guess that too long
didn't read version of that is he comes
with the act of buying and selling
online and Drop Shipping is a great way
to go ahead and get your foot in the
door without having too much startup
cost or the need to have too much
capital e capital not too much Capital
to obviously move forward and build
gotcha so that's getting your foot in
the door let's talk a little bit more
about that tips for getting started like
where do you even begin something like
this right and let's break it down
that's a great question as well Rock I
mean one of the most important things to
realize that there's so many people in
this space who are you know experts and
whatnot right and it's important to
follow one person that you resonate with
who you know is obviously done what
you're trying to do right so first and
foremost kind of gather maybe some of
your favorites that people you like to
watch right and see you know the systems
that they're using right so don't you
know follow a million people but kind of
create your top three top five and kind
of try to hone in on their strategies
and one of the biggest pieces I'd say is
when you're getting into e-commerce okay
or Drop Shipping specifically realize
you need systems you need assistance for
product research targeting video
creation ad launching scaling branding
everything should be a binary system
right so one of the best ways to
obviously get your foot in the door and
to kind of see some free stuff YouTube
which I'm not the best you know biggest
fan of particularly I would recommend
Facebook groups right there's a lot of
great discords a lot of great Facebook
groups that's where the real value is
these days right A lot of people you
know particularly in these Facebook
groups and Discord are very high level
right and other people building
businesses out in the back end and
they're kind of underground but they're
building big you know projects that are
doing huge huge numbers and that's kind
of where you want to hang out so I would
say Facebook groups and if you want you
could join the Beyond six figures
Facebook group that's a phenomenal group
that we run you just go on Facebook type
in Beyond six figures one word and it's
the first world like 40 50 000 people
and you could go in the guide section of
there and there's just tons of free
content that we have ordered from
product research all the way to
launching branding and scaling but you
need systems you can't just go at this
and throw random stuff to the wall you
gotta have systems and it's kind of cool
I didn't even plan on having this nearly
today but Brock check this out I got
some systems right here for e-commerce
ads yeah and whatnot this is what we
call the farm system and that's how we
kind of get started is uh with the farm
system with our advertisements and
that's how we progress and build the
infrastructure the business at first and
then build on top as we go gotcha all
right so we'll talk about the farm
system in just a little bit so really
what you're saying is is before we even
get started of trying to figure out like
you know the product or the platform
first get started with uh prioritizing
systems and even before systems get
plugged into communities that are
talking about this so you can learn from
other experts yes absolutely because
it's always important to kind of see
where you're going right you're when
you're driving a car you could see you
know pretty good amount in front of them
right if that wasn't the case you
probably wouldn't be able to go and to
drive very successfully right so you
think business you got to have at least
a little bit of trajectory right you
have to have a little bit of an idea as
to what's the idea right the first thing
is informing yourself and kind of
educating yourself on on the system or
on the actual experience on e-commerce
on Drop Shipping what it is getting your
feet wet in communities exactly gotcha
all right do you need a social media
following to be successful
absolutely not so if we're talking about
building a service-based business let's
say a fitness program or some type of
experience right a lot of cases yeah but
with physical product e-commerce Drop
Shipping no not at all right and quite
frankly you start from zero you don't
even need to have an Instagram account
at all really or any type of following
because you're building and you're
utilizing systems to take paid traffic
strategies to bring people to your
website at a profitable rate right
that's the goal people tend to over
complicate this whole thing of
e-commerce dropshipping right it's
getting the traffic from this source to
this website profitably right that's all
there is to it obviously these are said
than done yeah gotcha all right so you
don't need a big social media following
do you need a big budget to get started
like realistically ballpark what what am
I expecting to spend when I'm getting
started I'd recommend having minimum
five to ten Grand right to get rock and
roll in the space minimum right so you
can obviously spend
I have seen lots of people do it with
less right I've done it with less okay
but if you want to be in a spot where
you're not stress it out right worrying
about every single Cent that you spend
on an ad five to 10K is a great place to
get started anything more I would say is
definitely healthy gotcha okay well
that's really that I I like that that's
realistic I'm glad that you actually
gave us a number and it wasn't just you
can start from anywhere because and I'm
sure that's possible there are people
who start all over the place but I
appreciate that giving us a realistic
ballpark so
you don't need to social media following
um we know how much Capital uh roughly
you would need to get started do you
need a lot of like technical knowledge
how technical do you need to be do you
need to be able to code or do you need
to be able to just drag and drop like
where are we talking that's why we use
Shopify to start off right and one of
the cool things is Shopify actually
invited us out to their headquarters
because they saw how much consistent
results we're getting with our systems
and we went out there and I met Adam one
of the guys out there ahead of the
affiliate marketing department for
Shopify which is incredible and not only
is that a reason why I like Shopify but
they are just one of the most easy drag
and drop platforms where you don't need
any coding or development experience
until you kind of get deeper into things
and you want to get things more custom
right but that's awesome absolutely not
right it's drag and drop it's like an
iPhone right very very simple to use the
UI phenomenal and one of the biggest
things to realize is you know I'm
working with people who are older maybe
maybe you know 55 60 years old a little
bit older than us right and they don't
have the best computer experience right
and a lot of the time when you have
systems they will start doing well off
the bat because it's not random Theory
or concepts right and that's that's the
thing when they have something to follow
you know that's going to lead them in
the direction of consistency so when you
have that system you don't really need
much technical you know know-how because
you're being walked through exactly what
needs to be done you just got to learn
the system you don't really have to
learn Tech you know gotcha all right so
I feel like we're we're working our way
eventually to talk more about the
specifics of some of these systems and
maybe this form system that you talked a
little bit about a minute ago
um let's let's Jump Ahead though and how
do you
figure out what what is a good product
to start with and is that even the right
question to be asking like should I be
starting with finding the best product
or should I be looking for something
that maybe I don't have an interest in
but I think there's a market demand for
like let's just talk about products for
a minute I love it and you know let's
get it clear for sure product research
is the most important thing in this in
Drop Shipping right yeah
Justin say that again please because
that needs to Daddy stay at home for
people product research is absolutely
the most important piece of this entire
process of Drop Shipping right we spend
our time now so we spend less money
later right and one great thing to
realize is you could have the greatest
Marketing in the world but no one wants
the product you will not be able to
maintain profitability you could have
the worst marketing in the world but the
greatest product you still may be able
to maintain profitability right so it's
important to realize when we're doing
product research we're not just saying
oh that looks cool that looks cool we
need a multi-platform validation
approach that we're looking at multi
different multiple different aspects of
the internet eBay Amazon watch Cat
YouTube all these Amazon all these crazy
data sources and combining all the data
to see what is actually doing well in
the last 90 days okay what is actually
doing well now and is this product
Demand right because we're not going to
get into a market and say hey this
product uh has some domain let's just
test it no we need to do research we use
a product research system to find these
products and we create a list of 20
items because you will not just Market
I've had people who just Market one item
and instantly built the business and
read it up and have made great amounts
of money and now our absolute studs in
like crazy stuff but we want to set
expectations correctly here unlike a lot
of the people in Industry you will know
I'm not going to say you will not
because you can but you will most likely
not find a winner on the first item
that's why I build a list of 20 so I
could comfortably roll through
everything and what I'll do is I'll
build out my assets for all 20. find my
20 products 12x20 landing pages do you
write 20 videos do my 20 ad copings
right you everything and then launched
back to back this way I could focus on
building momentum actually having
consistency and knowing in my head I
know the first product might not be it's
probably not going to be a winner right
even though it may okay but you want to
have that proper expectations so you
could kind of train yourself to be
consistent because the mulch around Drop
Shipping and e-commerce that holds so
many people back is the fact that oh I
tried true products they didn't work
right and then Bob we didn't quit or
Sally didn't quit tried four and now he
has a seven figure business just did he
tested two more items right so that's
kind of what we want to keep in mind
gotcha so you're talking about systems
setting up all these different processes
and testing and research uh let's talk
about time how time intensive is this
um and that person who is giving up
we'll talk about them a little bit more
in just a second but do you feel like
the issue that a lot of them run into is
they feel like they don't have enough
time or is that is there a different
problem they're running into that's such
a good question Brock and you know one
of the biggest things for people is like
they have the time they just don't know
what to do with the time right they
don't have a system all right I'm in
front of the laptop they're ready to
work
now what right okay let's go and this
don't know what to do so they'll go
watch a YouTube video it'll be 30
minutes long they'll go here get
distracted right there's no real
structure or system that's why you need
to develop or find a system that you
could follow and move fluently toward
because timing is an issue for a lot of
people but most people I would say they
just don't know where to start they
don't know where to go
okay got it so how much time would you
say that they do need minimum minimum
like seven eight hours a week minimum
absolutely an hour a day
that's if you're gonna take it slow
you're down to go ahead and you're gonna
work on it for a few months right
personally when I first started I was
putting in 12 15 hour days because I was
obsessive over I loved it right so that
got me to where I am a lot quicker
obviously but I would say for someone
who's not in a rush try to just build
momentum and have this as a project
minimum in our minimum an hour day
minimum an hour day okay that's that's
awful
um let's talk about ads how necessary
are they are they pretty much 100 needed
or is it is this a scalable business
without advertising I love it so first
and foremost e-commerce and Drop
Shipping General right physical product
you can absolutely sell or with Organic
methods without needing ads let's talk
about actually getting the traction that
makes people excited right that's gonna
need paid media right the nice returns
generally will need paid media because
it's not about just getting one or two
sales you need to get thousands and
thousands and thousands of thousands of
sales hundreds of thousands of sales
right and it's important to realize that
with paid media you could Fast Track
that success right but you have to do it
correctly but server space businesses
you can start off something you know
without much paid media and have it
higher ticket and only get a few clients
and still do well right but for physical
product Dropship you're gonna need that
paid media right because you want to
actually see the volume that's going to
have a significant impact in you know
your life right you're not just here to
make a few bucks
gotcha so translation if you don't have
the social media following the numbers
aka the sales the customers they have to
come from somewhere so if they're not
coming from organic social media they
have to come from Paid advertising
that's basically what you're saying yes
sir absolutely and there's a lot of
different sources like Facebook
Instagram obviously which are the same
confines you have Snapchat Tick Tock ads
Google ads YouTube right all these
things this is Symphony of all these
things being used together right but of
course start with Facebook
good place to start gotcha yeah um does
e-commerce only really go as far as
physical products because I know you
mentioned like service businesses and
higher ticket uh maybe like coaching for
example digital products does this
e-commerce kind of extend into those
regions as well absolutely right because
e-commerce as you know it's the act of
buying and selling online so whether
you're someone who wants to just sell
physical product and not have a face buy
anything you do or have to deal with too
many people you know confrontational in
terms of like working with people or
right physical product is phenomenal for
you because you're very behind the
scenes just operate right silver space
is a bit more I would say personally
intensive right and ultimately that
leads toward uh more you know I would
say time and effort Etc and it's more
custom because you're doing it for
specific individuals who have specific
needs when in reality with Drop Shipping
and physical product you're just you
know doing the same process over again
and selling a different item right so
both definitely can do well it really
depends on what the viewer is you know
ultimately looking to do I would say you
know there's types of people who are
phenomenal service and types of people
who will do phenomenal physical product
and they're both great that's why we do
both gotcha I'm gonna assume that uh the
majority of the people who are listening
to us today are watching us on YouTube
are
um not into this space yet I would
assume that they're kind of in that
beginner stage maybe they're just
getting started they're just maybe
hearing about this for the first time so
before they even get started what's the
difference between those of them that
are going to fail they're gonna quit
they're gonna give up they're not going
to be successful with this and I know
you've given a few little uh hints along
the way and then what's what's the other
side of that coin like who's you know I
think he said his name was Bob earlier
that was that was the medical name why
is Bob successful but Sally and Margaret
aren't amazing questions so let's break
it down just into simplistic terms
because at the end of the day everything
could be broken down into simplistic
terms and I realize what things are
simple things get done right so the
difference between someone who makes it
and someone who doesn't someone who
makes it has proper expectations and
they have proper systems in place and
they know what the next step is before
they go someone who doesn't make it they
have expectations they're going to make
a billion dollars overnight they're not
even that dedicated right they're not
putting in the work every day and they
try it for maybe a week or two weeks or
a month and then they they spend ten
dollars and they say oh I don't see
fifteen dollars back right I'm done
right and that mindset is the nail in
the coffin for so many people in this
industry right so if there's any piece
of advice I could give to anyone right
now that you can utilize to ensure that
you make it and do well have systems be
prepared and be consistent this is
clearly a very proven model okay it
works it's not no secret anymore
absolutely works and you have to commit
yourself when I first started this when
I was super young I was in my head like
I'm gonna do this is what I'm doing I
don't I don't even know too much about I
just knew this is what I'm doing and I'm
gonna force it and that's what I did I
just didn't stop until it worked right
and that's ultimately is what I would
say to do and But realize you're not
just throwing random stuff at the wall
hoping it sticks you're following a very
proper thought out system as you go if
you don't have one's fine
um gotcha so so what you're saying is
just like any other area of life or
business you have to have a plan you
have to have systems you have to have
proper expectations and you have to
commit like this isn't just a get rich
quick scheme and exactly so many people
in the e-commerce Marketplace ever since
like 2016 2017 there's all these ads and
people pushing it like they could do
well in one hour from now no have
expectations the role wasn't built in a
business in other words your seven
figure e-commerce store right you've got
to have realistic realistic expectations
and be prepared to work for months be
prepared to work for years be prepared
to work for years right and that's how
you'll actually hit the momentum and
once you start gaining traction the
momentum you know you're gonna become
addicted to it because it's one of the
greatest things ever in my opinion I
love that well I appreciate the honesty
Justin
um talk to me a little bit more about
maybe maybe the argument of why someone
might want to explore e-commerce and
Drop Shipping compared to something like
being a content creator or building a
um a fitness app for example or becoming
a Network marketer I'm just thinking of
you know other a real estate agent other
uh ways of making money why this what
give me give me your your argument for
sure so first and foremost you're
building an asset that is valuable right
and that's that that has your face on it
or something like that is very tight to
you in a personal brand or something
like that it's not that valuable until
you tie yourself out right building
e-commerce store like I mentioned you're
not only not being the face of it but
your behind the scenes operating which
gives you more freedom and relaxation
knowing you're not going to be drawn to
have to get on camera and do things like
that but but you can also realize that
you're building an asset with great
returns and great multiples right so not
only are you building cash flow it's
your business but you're building stuff
and that you will absolutely sell down
the road when you build it correctly
right and that is one of the greatest
things to realize here is people are
looking to acquire these types of
companies right so if you're someone
looking to build and you're down to sell
down the road and that's like your goal
that's a huge huge huge advantage in the
fiscal quality eCommerce Marketplace is
realizing you could get some great
multiples there's a huge Marketplace
especially with the down markets and how
crazy everything is right now with all
the Investments people are looking to
acquire businesses like this so that's a
great reason to get involved with it as
well and you know one of the coolest
things like I mentioned is just you are
building the business from
advertisements and from curated content
that doesn't have to do with you or your
staff and things like that right because
that's what makes it more time consuming
on the service side it makes it a bit
more complicated longer it's got to be
much more planned out right it's much
more custom e-commerce visible product
Drop Shipping is more a binary system A
or B right so for someone who's new to
this space it's one of the best ways
like it's like a gateway to get into the
online world to do very well and I would
recommend it to anybody I got my own
family that my brother's doing it like
it's important to realize it's a great
way to get moving and start to develop
an incredible knowledge base of the
space that's where I've gotten started I
still you know go heavily in the space
today but the opportunities right that
have a mass from it have been incredible
right like hopping on this actual
podcast live it's yourself right so many
different things have a mask for me
being really good at e-commerce Drop
Shipping and that's one of the biggest
reasons as well and I think people
should not uh forget about mm-hmm
absolutely and uh you know like I said
earlier we appreciate you you being here
today and it's cool I didn't know that
you've gotten now your brothers involved
as well and I was uh looking on your
social media it looked like uh in the
last year or so you've bought your mom a
car so I want to give you a shout out on
that that's pretty amazing pretty
awesome we're obviously big on family at
the build your tribe podcast it's a
mother-son show
um but I'm curious how passive can this
be I know earlier we talked about when
you're getting started you might need a
minimum of five ten thousand dollars you
might need a minimum of an hour a week
but you said you were putting in you
know 12 to 15 hour days you were getting
obsessive with this does it eventually
cross a certain threshold and it becomes
more passive or is it something where
you're you're pretty much gonna have to
be maintaining these systems at all
times what a phenomenal question Brock
so let's use one of my Brands as an
example so I have a tactical brand
Brands maybe about three years old right
it's one of the brands that I built now
this particular brand when we first
started yeah it was a lot of work right
building it in getting all the systems
put it into place doing all the content
creation we did a lot of the shoots in
my backyard of my old place right we did
a lot of different things to get up and
running properly right but when it got
up and running properly and the ads were
hitting and everything was rocking and
rolling they're running the same ad
campaigns for about a year and a half
right and a little tweak here and there
a little adjustment here and there get a
new staff member in to be a VA you know
you know swap someone out who's not
doing the job little little obvious
maintenance and optimization it's just
like any business but I would say fist
more than anything is the least the
demanding for me having to be inside
operating and working on it on a
day-to-day basis now that it's a brand
and we have a prop we have obviously our
stock in-house and everything in custom
packaging and it's all built done and
done so at this point yeah it's a lot
more hands-free but when it first
started you got I had to put in that
work in to get it to that point to be
hands-free so
I would say it's definitely passive
right but there's always going to be a
little bit of work to do so it's not
completely passive you've got to monitor
it gotcha gotcha that's helpful to know
um let's talk a little bit more about
that farm system you showed me that big
giant uh laminated uh sheet that you had
in front of you I love that tell me what
what the heck is on this thing what am I
looking at here all right so basically
we got through hopefully you guys can
everyone could see this but uh if you
can I'll just kind of walk through
quickly what this is so this is what we
call the farm system right it's one of
the most successful and consistent ad
systems in the industry right now where
you go on in Facebook groups and say hey
what's Big Bang people know what it is
right we created that here at BSF which
is cool so as you see number one is
algorithmic talking right this is the
way that you get started with your
movement how do you actually Target your
buyers right this is 11 audiences on
five dollars a piece right
focusing on interest keywords that are
relative to the product you're selling
right in simple terms right and what
happens is after you launch Those ads
right you got 11 audiences right here
those are those ads right here 11
audiences right what happens is you file
the three-day rule day one day two day
three day one no view content kill it
day two no add to cart kill it day three
no purchase kill it right the goal here
is to achieve a purchase in the first
three days notice how we're not letting
it run for a week two weeks three days
we know if it's gonna be killed day one
we we are going to kill a lot of the
audiences think about that in terms of
budget preservation when I first started
I didn't have a lot of money and I
wanted to preserve my budget so I didn't
want to spend everything and you know be
like oh I have to go make more money now
that the funness I'd rather just use
what I had at least sparing and that's
how I built these systems and these
systems have been so consistent to me
that you know my students use them and
quite frankly the micro Big Bang here at
the reach 100 sales is one of the most
consistent campaign launches I've seen
and what this consists of is 100
audiences launched in the dollar fifty
budget right now now before I go through
and start overwhelming everybody here as
you can see it's definitely yeah you
know it gets it gets nitty-gritty but
what I want people to notice one two
three four it's not one eight like it's
very straightforward and binary right so
when you know this for example if you if
you know how if you know a song by heart
for example if you told someone I
listened to a song and then recite it
back to them after they heard for the
first time they would never be able to
do that but if you listen to it 30 40
times you apply to it pretty easily same
thing with this it looks like different
languages but when you go through it
it's just like the back of your hand
it's quite easy so the farm system is
really our process that we use to take
stores from zero to 100K a month and
then we scale after with CDO campaigns
love it cool I have no idea what the CBO
campaign even is running gonna get into
that right now we're gonna find some
more free content from you Justin is
there downloads like well where can we
learn more get plugged into this
community I know you said the Facebook
group I love if you could mention that
again and then free stuff so two places
and I want to keep it simple guys two
places for you to find free information
number one okay it's my Facebook group
literally what all you have to go ahead
and do is go to facebook.com when you're
logged in go in the search bar then type
in Beyond six people that's right that's
literally it's like just like that you
just type that in Beyond like all one
work right b d y o n d s i x f i g u r e
s one word Beyond six figures spelled
out not the numbers you put it in
Facebook you click enter it's going to
be the first group that pops up one of
the first groups it's got like 40 50 000
people you see a picture of me on the
banner join that group and go into the
guides section I put like 30 40
resources in there literally the whole
Farm system's in there actually
and our product resource system is in
there too so it's all 100 free go in
there free there's no payable or
anything right get in there go through
it and ask questions in the groove I
will literally help you in the group
when you ask questions so that's number
one the Facebook group go to Facebook
type in Beyond six figures okay such
number two is my Instagram but a lot of
behind the scenes stuff that I don't
really reveal in the Facebook group on
Instagram it's at Justin wall w-o-l-l so
j-u-s-t-i-n-w-o-l-l one word right so
you could follow me there that's a great
place to to see me I don't put out much
content on YouTube not a YouTuber I'm
someone who builds the businesses and
scales them to very very high numbers
right so I'm I'm a builder I'm an
operator I don't really post much on
YouTube until you put a one YouTube
video a week or so you can follow me
there but your best bet is the fiance
six figures Facebook group and Instagram
awesome well Justin thank you so much I
really appreciate you being here today
um I know you also just added some
lessons to our marketing impact Academy
so for any of our uh members who are
listening you can hop into the academy
and they're already in there but Justin
I really appreciate you being here uh
taking the time out of your schedule
um and taking the time away from your
systems uh to get to come and speak on
the podcast today so thank you rock
thank you so much it's been absolutely
amazing and anytime you guys ever beat
me back will want me to do a little live
for the people whatever this video I
would always love to be there and
provide for your people and also hope
you guys who are watching this like the
the new material that we just put in I
think you guys will like it I try not to
go too advanced but I wanted to give you
the sauce that you need to do well uh so
if anyone has any questions reach out or
anything I'm uh I'm always in the books
I love it I love it one last question
Justin Before I Let You Go
um what would be your biggest piece of
advice for any entrepreneur anyone who's
getting started an online business for
them uh right now
realize that
if someone like myself who had
everything strip for me my whole
backstory is we got everything taken
from us right house everything we were
bad I was like it was basketball I got
involved in business at 13 14 because I
needed to okay if someone like me can
make it happen and do it okay the only
thing that I did was stay consistent and
keep learning and educating myself and
applying okay my biggest piece of advice
for you learn
but applied more okay learn but apply
more don't be the person to just watch
these videos it does this or that I'd
rather you screw up 20 times straight
okay and then hit it under 21st like
apply apply apply apply educate and
learn but apply apply apply double his
heart I love it I love it lifelong uh
Learners are not always lifelong earners
absolutely
absolutely well thank you thank you for
being here Justin and I appreciate it
YouTube rock see you soon brother
[Music]